top most bar:
1. full width, with logo in the middle
2. navigation menu on the left, not a hamburger icon but "Menu" as a text, once menu is clicked it slides in from the left of the page with a full page dialog with 2 columns, left column will have all the navigation link followed by social media icon and right column will have one big image. Navigation link: About, Membership & Packages, Gift Cards, Contact Us, Classes, Workshops, Retreats, Upcoming Instructor Trainings, Blog
3. CTA with text "Book Now & Move With Us"


hero section:
1. use embla carousel to create a new slider with 4 slides, no typing animation just content with navigation. Following are the slide content:
Slide 1: Heading: New Customer Offer, Sub-heading: use placeholder text - CTA: Book Session
Slide 2: Heading: Download Tria App, Sub-heading: use placeholder text - CTA: Android Store & Play Store buttons with icons
Slide 3: Heading: Find Our Store, Sub-heading: use placeholder text - CTA: Directions
Slide 4: First Konnector Reformer Studio in UAE, Sub-heading: use placeholder text - CTA: Blog

4 square card grid section:
Card 1: Image Background, Overlaying content "Book Your Class" CTA "Click Here". Content will be center aligned
Card 2: Image Background, Overlaying content "Meet the Team" CTA "Yoga", "Pilate" and "Lagree"
Card 3: Image Background, Overlaying content "Memberships, Packages & Giftcards" CTA "Click Here"
Card 4: Image Background, Overlaying content "Retreats, Upcoming Workshops, Teacher Training & Events" CTA "Click Here"

5. intagram feed full width section:
Section Title: Join The Community
Use Embla Carousel to show big images from instagram
CTA Instagram link with icon

6. Full width - 2 column section
Left column: Heading "Behind Tria" followed by a 2 paragraph content
Right column: Square image

7. Full width - 2 column section
Left column: Image
Right column: accordions with 8 classes, collapsed by default

8. Full width rectangular section with image background
Heading: Cateteria
Text: "Your New Working Space" center aligned to the section
CTA "Click Here"

Coding Style: KISS - Keep it simple stupid, Use component based structure
Use Tria Branding
